{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf190
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 There are four main software classes: 
\b users
\b0 , 
\b products
\b0 , 
\b emails
\b0 , 
\b wishLists
\b0 .  \

\b Users
\b0  consist of registered 
\b users
\b0  who can take the role of both 
\b buyers
\b0  and 
\b sellers
\b0 .  
\b Users
\b0  will be able to post new 
\b products
\b0  for sale and send 
\b emails
\b0  to other 
\b users 
\b0 in order to arrange transactions.\

\b Products 
\b0 each belong to a single 
\b user
\b0  and hold the information that user provided about the details of the 
\b product
\b0 .  It is through 
\b products 
\b0 that 
\b users
\b0  are able find each others 
\b emails
\b0  to communicate and arrange transactions.\

\b Emails 
\b0 are associated with two 
\b users
\b0 , the 
\b seller
\b0  and a potential 
\b buyer
\b0 .  To start an exchange of 
\b emails
\b0  a potential 
\b buyer 
\b0 must first send an 
\b email 
\b0 to the 
\b seller
\b0  by using the 
\b email 
\b0 provided by the 
\b sellers product
\b0 .  After this initial 
\b email 
\b0 they are able to exchange new 
\b emails 
\b0  through the already sent 
\b emails
\b0 .\

\b WishLists
\b0  belong to a 
\b user
\b0  and are associated with a 
\b product
\b0 .  A 
\b user
\b0  selects a 
\b product 
\b0 to add to his or her 
\b wishList
\b0  and then is able to quickly find the 
\b product 
\b0 at a future time through use of the 
\b wishList
\b0 .\
\
There are four database tables, one for each of the classes listed above.\
The 
\b user 
\b0 data is generated when a new 
\b user
\b0  registers.   The userId is automatically generated for the 
\b user
\b0 , along with regTime which records the date and time the 
\b user 
\b0 registers.  The other three fields: userName, name, and email are provided by the 
\b user
\b0 .\
The 
\b product 
\b0 data is generated when a 
\b user 
\b0 posts a new 
\b product 
\b0 for sale.  The 
\b productID
\b0  is automatically generated and the userID is automatically taken from the 
\b users
\b0  id.  TimePosted is also automatically generated with the time the 
\b user
\b0  creates the post.  The remaining four fields: 
\b category, title, description, 
\b0 and img are provided by the 
\b user
\b0  creating the 
\b product
\b0  post.\

\b Email
\b0  data is generated either when a potential 
\b buy
\b0  sends an 
\b email 
\b0 through the 
\b product
\b0  page or when one is sent through an already sent as a reply to a previous 
\b email
\b0 .  The sender, receiver, productId, and timeSent fields are automatically generated appropriately.  While the content field is produced by the sender of the 
\b email
\b0 .\

\b WishList
\b0  data is created by a 
\b user
\b0 .  When a 
\b user
\b0  chooses to 
\b wish list
\b0  a 
\b product 
\b0 the two fields productId and userId are automatically generated. \
\

\b Product images
\b0  will be stored in a file system and the database will access them through pointers to their location.  We will accept the following formats for 
\b product images
\b0 : gif, jpeg, jpg, pjpeg, x-png, and png.}